[Music]
hello guys
mr gray here in this video i'm going to
talk about an american horror film
called
jeepers creepers released in 2001
this movie was really scary when i was a
kid
this video contained major spoilers
darry and his sister trish were coming
home from college to visit their family
for spring break as they drove through
the north florida countryside in
trisha's 1960 chevrolet impala
they played a game of guessing the
meaning of license plates
after passing an rv a mysterious driver
in a rusty old delivery truck
tried to run them off the road after a
stressful moment with derry trying to
convince the driver of the truck to go
around
the truck finally passed them by
afterward darry tried to guess the
meaning of the vanity plate
assuming it read beating you the two
then began talking about two students
named kenny and darla who disappeared
while driving on the same road 23 years
earlier
after taking a bathroom break they
passed by the truck parked outside an
old abandoned church in the distance off
the side of the road
a big man was there sliding what
appeared to be bodies wrapped in old
sheets
into a large sewer pipe protruding from
the ground the driver
taking note that they had seen him
caught up to them and succeeded in
running them off the road
the truck then left despite his sister's
objections
darry insisted they go back and
investigate in case one of the bodies
was still
alive darry asked trish to hold his feet
while he looked into the pipe
derry was shocked by a swarm of rats and
he screamed
this caused trish to lose her grip on
his legs and he slid down the pipe and
fell down
knocking out himself after derry got up
he opened the covers to find a dying boy
with a huge stitch across his torso the
boy tried to tell him something but was
unable to before he died
while looking for a way out dairy found
hundreds of bodies sewn together
covering the walls of a massive cavern
beneath the church including kenny and
darla
he noticed a ring on kenny's finger
later derry found his way out of the
church and startled trish who mistakenly
thought the truck was returning
trish then took over driving scared
derry sat in the passenger seat
and did not talk he eventually explained
to trish that he saw kenny and darla and
that the man had decapitated her
and then sewn her head back on they
decided to contact the police when they
see the truck pass by them on the way
back to the church
after finding a diner derry called the
police
while waiting for the cops to arrive
they received a phone call at the pay
phone in the diner the lady identified
derry's rose tattoo
and knew his name she plays the song
jeepers creepers on the phone
and told them that when they hear that
song they need to run
and added that the big man called that
place is his house of pain
badly frightened derry cursed the woman
and hung up
darry and trish were questioned by the
police although the police didn't seem
to believe the story
because it was so remarkable a diner
worker warned darry and trish
that someone was out breaking into their
car they all rush outside to find
that the mysterious driver had broke
into their car and smelled dary's
laundry
derry was worried now that the man knew
his name in order to verify the story
the police escorted darry and trish back
to the church
while going to the old church the police
received a report
that the church was being burned down
but it was actually the big man covering
up his tracks
while they were driving along the big
man from the truck attacked the police
he killed the policewoman by pulling her
out of the car while she tried checking
what was on the roof of their car and
the policeman was decapitated darry and
trish got out of the car to investigate
they saw the man pick up an officer's
head and eat his tongue
terrified they got back into their car
and fled
they found an old farm house nearby to
make a phone call since the next town
was far
darry and trish discovered an old lady
who lived there and has many cats
and when i say many i mean a lot while
they argued the old cat lady noticed
that the scarecrow in the yard was alive
but it was the big man
the woman angry that her cats were in
danger ran and got her shotgun
she shot at the man who inhumanly jumped
up and crashed through the roof of her
house
the woman got angry and hit derry in the
crotch saying that they brought the big
man into her house
and ran into the house after hearing
shotgun blasts it appeared that the
woman was coming outside
but they saw that instead the big man
had impaled her with the gun
trish and derry got into their car
intent on fleeing
trish however attacked a man by hitting
him with her car
after a couple tries she finally hit him
then
she ran over him over and over again
until darry forced her to stop
afterwards they see a wing appear out of
the body and they assume it is some sort
of strange creature
leaving they drive to the county police
at the police station
they waited for their parents to come
and get them the woman from the phone
call comes to the police station
and introduced herself as giselle the
woman claimed to be a local psychic and
that she dreamed of them getting into
trouble with the monster
she warned darry and trish that they are
still in danger
and then tried to reveal the true nature
of the mysterious creature
it was an ancient demon known as the
creeper which rises every 23rd spring
for 23 days
to feast on human body parts which upon
consumption
form part of its own body she also told
them
that it seeks out its victims through
fear and that by smelling the fear from
trish and dairy it has found something
it likes
when asked which one of them the creeper
wanted giselle didn't answer
but looked over at trish the wounded
creeper attacked the police station
and gained entrance to the cells after
it feasted on prisoners to heal
it was swarmed by police but killed a
number of them
giselle guided trish and derry upstairs
telling them one of them will die
screaming in the dark while the song
jeepers creepers played in the
background
the creeper headed towards giselle and
sniffed her but let her go
heading off to find trish and derry the
creeper finally caught up with trish and
derry
despite the efforts of the police it
grabbed dairy before being confronted by
a swat team
trish in an effort to save her brother
told the creeper to take her instead
darry yelled at her to not be a hero
trish explained that darry was weak
and that she would not fight him however
the creeper wasn't interested in someone
who was not afraid of him
he flew out of the side of the building
taking dary with him into the night
in the morning trish asked gizelle if
her dreams are ever wrong
rather than answer gisele just tells her
that she's a crazy old woman and trish
can ask anyone
darry's screams were heard as a new
abandoned area was shown
the creeper was at a sewing machine
doing work then
darry's dead body was shown naked and
preserved much like the other bodies in
the house of pain
the back of dary's head and eyes were
removed and the creeper looked through
the eye holes revealing
that it was darry's eyes he was after
thank you for watching my video
have a great day